and good friends of our channel
club today we bring you a new analysis of
player and we extract the analysis of
They plan missing but not the missing
originals of 88 on average but the
upgrade
the tiger that has 89 on average one point
more but much more points we illuminate
each tribute separately for example the
82-86 ride ball control
the header if it was not yet brutal 7 the
penalties
two
the firing power that when
location even if he had 83 now
happens to 88 new falcao but be a
revolution in comparison
the majority and this thinks
normal in quotation marks let's say
is hovering between 25 and 35 thousand
coins
practically a mini coin
from some time bags like that
to have
you have to save if you want to do
coherent but good still has the
same virtues low too much sometimes
in position delayed survey that without
But in the mind on either side
and it is a barbarity
the ball and at any time know
I've used Falcao since
any position has a lot
possibility
and maybe it's not always good
placed I hope
on the contrary, even if it is wrong
placed is capable of doing what is
do here for another skin one
it's fantastic this update is not
the only electronics has introduced
some new stickers like joaquin
natural walter for example and little to
little we will be counting when we make
the database of the web and also very
informed friends I put more missed
new the church does those that do not